services are the five on the basis so one thing right now with the you
know the the size of the force login Korean War growing or shrinking
and what not and it's so I've found well I personally have all my
medical needs met with boxes that is on board the ship or the hospital
hospital if you find that you know and BG for my wife not as easy
to come by and you did your shins for the kids glad as easy to come
by and those are critical for family life and stability so you want
front that's the date that is best you can when you get to show before
you get to the station and certainly you need to find out do they
tried their because it was pretty popular to take it for right now
you really want to investigate the docks if you're going to have for
your family make sure that they do take the tractor